---
layout: post
title: "Week #11: 31 Oct"
---

<h3> What did you do this past week? </h3>
I spent this past week working on Phase 2 with my group. I was a part of the data scraping subset of our group. 
<h3> What's in your way? </h3>
I completed my part, but we had a weird Flask issue going on with our API. I believe we spent too many resources on getting all of our data and not enough on the database and API. At least that was my take away.
<h3> What will you do next week? </h3>
Next week, I will be doing my best to support the front-end team on completing phase 2 while we also work on Phase 3.
<h2> Data </h2>
This week was focused on different ways to represent and store data. I got a much better understanding on XML. I had been familiar with XML before taking this class, but I had no prior knowledge on DTD's and XSD's. We touched on JSON, but not as much as we did XML which I was hoping for. We spent a lot of time on MySQL. Which I find to be very valuable to learn. I'm also getting experience on MySQL in another class. I know recruiters are always interested to see Computer Scientists with experience in MySQL and SQl. I however wish we spent some time on PostgreSQL since that was the required tool for our Phase 2 project. I had trouble understanding how to use it compared to MySQL. I understood how to use SQLAlchemy to insert data into our database but I didn't know how to set up the Database that another team member had in our project. 
<h4> Tip of the Week </h4>
When working on big projects, make sure you allocate your resources appropriately. As I wrote earlier in this blog entry, I believe have 3 people on data scraping was a bit too much since as a result, we had one person doing front-end, one person doing the API, one person doing the database, and one person helping across all sections. It would have been better if we had each element in a pair-programming environment. 