---
layout: post
title: "Week #4: 12 Sept"
---

<h3> What did you do this past week? </h3>
This week I began working on Netflix with my partner, Jason.
<h3> What's in your way? </h3>
Scheduling time that works for both of us is difficult.
<h3> What will you do next week? </h3>
Next week, my partner and I will finish the project. I plan to attend the CNS career fair.
<h2> Pair Programming and Bloomberg </h2>
This week we started discussing and working on the second project, Netflix, in this class. Professor Downing motivated us to pair program by offering bonus points to teams of two. The hardest part about working with a partner is finding time where we both are available. However, when we find time to work on it or sessions are very productive. The quizzes were over the reading, python, and items from the guest speaker’s presentation. The guest speaker was from Bloomberg and an alumnus, who took this course 6 years ago. He was telling us how this course relates to industry.  He also offered us tips for our resumes since the career fair is coming up very soon. I enjoy when we have a guest speaker because it’s a break from what we’re learning in class, but not a waste of time since the information is beneficial to our future careers.
<h4> Pick of the Week </h4>
[Computerphile](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA) is a YouTube channel dedicated to sharing information regarding modern programming. I find a lot of the videos informative and interesting. My favorite video from this site would be “How NOT to store passwords”.  The speaker gave examples of storing passwords and explained why they were bad which ultimately lead to integrating Facebook or Google login as the solution.
