---
layout: post
title: "Week #5: 19 Sept"
---

<h3> What did you do this past week? </h3>
This week I completed the Netflix assignment with my partner.
<h3> What's in your way? </h3>
An android project and a modern web applications assignment got in my way. I also noticed I have a lot of habits that work in Java or C++ that don’t necessarily work in python. For example, I’d often have pylint complaining about unnecessary semicolons.
<h3> What will you do next week? </h3>
I will begin studying for the exam for this class that is in two weeks. 
<h2> JPL and Prettier Code </h2>
This week we had another guest speaker from JPL, Alex Menzies. JPL stands for Jet Propulsion Laboratory and is a division of NASA. He spoke about “what makes software good”, “human computer interaction”, “how to build the right”, and the importance of constantly evaluation of your product. Most of this week we spent the class writing code for example unit tests. Professor Downing would walk around the room and review individual pairs of student’s approaches before bringing the class together to discuss. He really emphasized why it’s better to have iterable functions rather than indexable ones. On Friday, I learned about functions that would lessen the amount of lines in my code and do the same functionality such as reduce, map, zip, and sum. 
<h4> Tip of the Week </h4>
GO TO THE CAREER FAIR. Professor Downing will emphasize this pretty much every day before the actual event. Do not ignore his advice. I am a TIP scholars mentor, and I also gave this advice to my students. If getting a job or internship isn’t motivation enough (which it should be), then there’s a lot of free company merchandise and experience of talking to people who are where you want to be in your career that you can obtain. My freshmen students told me that felt nervous at first, but learned a lot as to what they’ll need in the future on their résumés. Don’t get discouraged if they ask you to apply online or say you’re not a good fit. It’s nothing personal. If the latter, then it’s better to know now so you can make yourself a good fit or find a company that better suits you. Good luck.

