---
layout: post
title: "Week #6: 26 Sept"
---

<h3> What did you do this past week? </h3>
I studied for the exam that's coming up and learned more about python.
<h3> What's in your way? </h3>
Nothing was in my way except for maybe upcoming interviews and practicing code challenges.
<h3> What will you do next week? </h3>
I will take the CS 371M exam on Thursday.
<h2> Python </h2>
This week was pretty average. There weren't any guest speakers or projects. There is a test so I'm studying for that. I learned about list comprehension, generators, and iterators in python. I liked the comparison between Java and Python that Professor Downing instructed. 

I made silly mistakes on the quizzes. I knew the difference between a lazy generator and an eager list comprehension. I hope to not make the same mistakes on the test. I was a bit surprised when I learned generators only get exhausted when you store them into a variable. I don't recall this being discussed prior to the quiz, but I should have thought more about it.

Unlike the Career Fair, Professor Downing hasn't given much emphasis on the exam besides the two reminders and a piazza post about the test. I found this surprising, but of course it is the student's responsibility to be motivated and prepared for the exam.
<h4> Tip of the Week </h4>
I've asked several classmates about what they are using to prepare for interviews. I found LeetCode, Cracking the Code Interview, HackerRank, and FireBase to be the most used tools. I hope to manage my time more efficiently to take advantage of them. 

