---
layout: post
title: "Week #10: 24 Oct"
---

<h3> What did you do this past week? </h3>
I spent this past week contributing to Phase two of our IDB project, PartyPeople.
<h3> What's in your way? </h3>
I was working on the API scraping out project with Jason and Justin. We used Wikipedia's API for collecting state data. The issue was that Wikipedia dumps everything into a single object deep into their JSON Hierarchy. Parsing this information or finding a work around was nontrivial.
<h3> What will you do next week? </h3>
Next week, I plan to complete Phase 2 with my group. 
<h2> Pariveda, RegEx, and No Class Day </h2>
As you may have noticed from my previous entries. Guest Speakers is not an uncommon occurrence in the course. However, it had been awhile since the last one. This week we were visited by Periveda Solutions. They are a company who focuses on creating better employees.  This focus is very relevant to us, students, because we want to be better potential employees to do our job well and get hired. I learned that there were things on my resume that I could add. 
RegEx or Regular Expressions are a useful tool for searching and filtering data. I came across RegEx as I was preparing for an Interview and when I was learning JavaScript. It came into play during one of my interviews. Also, you may find it helpful to use RegEx when you are parsing a lot data, which can come into play in the IDB project. 
There was no class on Friday. Instead, Professor Downing wanted us to attend the UTCS 50th Symposium. Ed Felten, Deputy CTO of the White House, and Etienne Vouga, UTCS faculty and my Computer Graphics Professor, were doing speeches during the class time. Mr. Felten was doing the key note speech on Computer Science & Public Policy. Professor Vouga spoke about "Understanding and Shaping the 3D World".
<h4> Tip of the Week </h4>
Reddit. I personally tried my best to avoid reddit, because how easily my friends get distracted. But there is some useful information that can be found on Reddit. It wasn't until this semester that I got a reddit account because of an Android project.  The subreddit I have in mind is /r/programming. I find it a good way to keep aware of what is going on in the computer science community.
