---
layout: post
title: "Week #12: 7 Nov"
---

<h3> What did you do this past week? </h3>
I spent this past week working on Phase 3 with my group. We met together for the planitpoker. I am assigned to work on the D3. I also worked on debugging front-end.  
<h3> What's in your way? </h3>
I cannot figure out how the URL for the other teams API calls so I assume they aren't done with it and will either contact them or wait until the deadline. Also, the semester is almost over. So there is a lot of other projects getting in the way of having time to work.
<h3> What will you do next week? </h3>
Next week, my group and I will prepare to submit Phase 3. I need to prepare for an Android exam, complete a RESTful API that uses Hibernate, and create character animations for my digital 3d art class.
<h2> Design Patterns </h2>
Most of the class was focused on refactoring. The quizzes I didn't understanding. I did the readings but I was confused by how the answers were worded which cost me a few points, but I believe we have so many quizzes that it won't affect me too much. I liked this unit because I had to refactor some of my code for my android project recently and it was good to know that there is a way to go about it.
<h4> Tip of the Week </h4>
The tip for this week is to vocalize your ideas or make yourself known. Due to work, I couldn't attend some of the initial planning for this and the previous phase of our project. This was fine on the previous phase because the leader assigned me tasks to do. However because this phase builds mostly on the front-end and back-end (if you remember from last entry that I worked on scraping data) that I've felt I haven't had enough to do. The team has decided to wait until the initial deadline, so the other team's APi is ready, before taking looks at the visualization page. However, I did not want to be unhelpful to the group so I asked both the front-end and back-end teams if they needed any help. By doing so I was able to help debug front-end while knowing what's going on with the back-end.