---
layout: post
title: "Week #1: 29 Aug"
---

<h3> What did you do this past week?</h3>
This week the class focused on the first project, Collatz, and continued emphasis on testing.
<h3> What's in your way? </h3>
My laptop crashed this week.
<h3> What will you do next week? </h3>
I will finish and turn in Collatz.
<h2> Not the end of the world</h2>
I personally spent a lot of time trying to get Docker to work on my machine. More time I wish I dedicated to programming. However, I learned that my failure to get Docker to run on my Windows box was not the end of the world. I could simply use the UT CS lab machines to get it done because the packages were of similar versions. This week we spent a lot of time on discussing our first project, how to approach it, and I gained knowledge on the importance of exceptions and why they are the middle ground for the extremities caused by assertions and turning on error flags. I really liked his analogy of comparing assertions, flags, and exceptions to an annoying significant other.  Professor Downing never fails to get the classes attention and keep me interested. We had a special treat in the beginning of Friday’s lecture. One of the teaching assistants of Longhorn Startup spoke to our class. The quiz on Tuesday was very valuable as it lead to an optimization that could be used for Collatz.
<h4> Tip of the Week </h4>
DO NOT update to Windows Insider Preview if you have Windows Home edition. Windows decided to leave out a file called Lockdown.dll in the home edition update. This file is necessary to use any system functionality. It caused settings to crash constantly which in turn made it difficult to revert back to regular Windows. I found a Windows repair tool on their website. Unfortunately made matters worse as the installation was a failure and resulting in my laptop becoming a rather expensive brick. 
