---
layout: post
title: "Week #9: 17 Oct"
---

<h3> What did you do this past week? </h3>
I spent this past week contributing to Phase one of our IDB project, PartyPeople.
<h3> What's in your way? </h3>
I had a few interviews that kept me took up a lot of my programming time. My UI skills aren't the best when I was creating my Static Pages. I have an exam this week for Modern Web Apps which I need to study for. I also have to contribute more to my end of the semester Android project. 
<h3> What will you do next week? </h3>
Next week, I plan to take my exam, more interviews, and work with my group Phase two of our class project. 
<h2> Relations </h2>
A lot of this week was focused relations. I liked this because it was a clearer way of understanding SQL for me. I am taking Modern Web Applications, Android, and Software Engineering. We've touched on SQL in all three classes. Each time it felt the same whether it be slides or readings. However, this lecture was better since we wrote the code for select and project ourselves in class. Also, the different flavors of join were unclear to me. The quizzes were very challenging for me. Sometimes I felt that the related questions weren't covered in class. The related topic of course was. I take it as sign that I'll need to do more studying on the topics outside of class.
<h4> Tip of the Week </h4>
This weekend was HackTX. I highly recommend that you apply to attend. It's a big university hackathon. Many companies show up just to talk to you and help you make something in 24 hours. There's a lot of free food and goodies, like shirts and water bottles. I spoke to a few companies and many were offering internships and a couple had full time job opportunities. These are just perks. The best part about HackTX is the networking and relationships you can builds while shipping out your ideas using APIs that you'd usually have to pay for, with a chance to win expensive prices.
