---
layout: post
title: "Week #8: 10 Oct"
---

<h3> What did you do this past week? </h3>
This week I got together with my semester long project group and we decided what we are going to propose to Professor Downing and dividing work amongst ourselves.
<h3> What's in your way? </h3>
This week I've been busy with interviews, and two other projects in different classes.
<h3> What will you do next week? </h3>
Next week my group and I will finish phase 1 of the project and learn more about Python. Our work is nicely split up amongst ourselves so we should have ample time to meet our deadline.
<h2> Project IDB and Decorators</h2>
This week we were introduced to our new project which is essentially creating a different version of IDB. I understand this to be the capstone project of the class. We'll be using all the tools we've been preparing for in the readings such as JavaScript, UML/SQL. The groups are initially randomly assigned, but you have the option to request to work with someone or a particular group. 
I had trouble understanding the usefulness of decorators besides making code prettier and have less duplicate code, but I did learn that Decorators can be used for a Singleton pattern. I hope that this comes helpful on our project. 
<h4> Tip of the Week </h4>
Never leave in the middle of Professor Downing's class. There is a risk involved. I had to use the bathroom once during class but when I came back, I was completely lost on the day’s topic. Luckily I wasn’t called on during class that day. However, the part I was able to attend did make a lot of sense. I just need to review what I missed with the examples. 
