---
layout: post
title: "Week #1: 24 Aug"
---

<h3> What did you do this past week?</h3>
This week I created this blog with Github Pages and Jekyll. I also downloaded Docker.
<h3> What's in your way? </h3>
Using a Windows machine temporarily got in my way. Docker stated that it couldn't be installed because the Home Edition of Windows 10 was missing Hyper V. I have no idea what that is but proceed to download Docker Toolbox as an alternative which seems to be working fine.
<h3> What will you do next week? </h3>
Start reading the assigned papers and learning the tools necessary to be successful in this course.
<h2> Syllabus Week</h2>
Prior to my enrollment, I heard how great a professor Glenn Downing is. After only two classes with him, I see why he's valued so highly. He succeeded in keeping my attention to his lecture the entire 50 minutes. I’m typically the type to get distracted by my phone. However, he kept me interested by his commitment to molding great programmers and fear of being unprepared when called on. Yes, he will call on you randomly. It seems to also be a way for him to make sure you’re going to class so I suggest you show up. I was lucky enough to be called on. When I answered one of his questions incorrectly I learned what I didn’t, which were the flags for chmod that I took for granted and always just used without knowing what they meant because they worked. I was discouraged when I tried Docker by myself and the examples weren’t existing, but on the second class day I figured it out when Professor Downing explained that we need his git repo and to link our clone and the Docker virtual machine.  His class has a great atmosphere. I’m glad he encouraged us to get each other for a couple of minutes during class on the first day. I was worried about the quiz on the second day when it appeared on Canvas since I was confused on what questions he’d ask. The quizzes are another tool to make sure you’re focused during class. 
<h4> Tip of the Week </h4>
You should be familiar with testing your code with your own test cases. Often you're likely to use assertions, but this week I learned how powerful unit testing is as well as coverage. So I highly recommend creating or finding a useful unit test library for testing your code and coverage. 
